# Glimmer Language Syntax Highlighting
This repository contains the Handlebars/Glimmer syntax patterns used to build the
TS/JS/Glimmer grammar files. The generated grammar files can be used in any editor
package/extension.

The `grammars/glimmer.tmLanguage` is the only pattern actively maintained in this
repo. The TS/JS grammar is copied from VSCode's
(TypeScript)[https://github.com/Microsoft/TypeScript-TmLanguage] grammar repo. During
the build the TS grammar has the Handlebars pattern injected into, and is then updated
with JS scope names to generate the JS grammar.

The distributed grammar files in `/dist` are generated by running the build script:
`npm run build`.

A very big THANK YOU to all package maintainers for the base TS/JS grammar.

## Notes on Scope Names
The handlebars scopes all follow a naming expression where HTML is composed of _TAGS_ and
_ATTRIBUTES_, and Glimmer is composed of _EXPRESSIONS_ and _ PARAMETERS_.

Available Scope Targets:
- `<>` or `{{}}`: `punctuation.definition.tag/expression`
- `div` or `some-component-name`: `entity.name.tag/expression`
- Names of tag attributes/expression params: `entity.other.attribute/parameter-name`

## TODO
Interested in contributing? All of the following are outstanding:
- [] Patterns for Glimmer template syntax: https://glimmerjs.com/guides/templates-and-helpers
- [] Block vs Inline scope differentiation for HTML tags and Glimmer expressions
- [] Separate configuration files for TS/JS grammars
- [] Note in README about build process and lack of support for grammar injection in
  Sublime+VSCode
- [] Note in README about how to extend Glimmer patterns
